January

{"New Years Eve 2014, I was having a really rough night. It's hard to explain, but it got to the point where I walked up Jacob's Ladder and just sat at the top on a bench, crying. I was determined to be upset, but then you came running up the stairs and just said 'Happy New Year, buddy.' I don't know what it was, but something in the happiness of how you said it without pointing out my tears or making a scene really cheered me up for the rest of the night, and the rest of camp. So I just wanted to say thanks, and Happy New Year."} - Jachin Mee

Sunday, 1st - "I'm really happy you told me that, man. Happy New Year." - Ben Kernahan
Song: The New Year - Death Cab For Cutie

Start of Song Of The Week (each week begins Monday).

Monday, 2nd - "I only poop like once every two days." - Hannah Hains // "Because you're full of ~."- Ryan Allen
Song: Warned You - Good Morning

Tuesday, 3rd - "It's not funny, it's not relevant, and we've said it before already. I'm not saying it." - Frank Atkinson, before telling us possibly the worst joke he's ever said ("Ok, it was - Have you given Layla the Suckworth?" - Frank Atkinson)
Song: Rattlesnake - King Gizzard and The Lizard Wizard

Wednesday, 4th - "Fart." - Ursula Khan, quoting Karlo
Song: High Speed - Coldplay

Thursday, 5th - "We've got Alli! Dele Alli! I just don't think you understand!" - Tottenham Hotspur supporters at White Hart Lane
Song: Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now - The Smiths

Friday, 6th - "Agh, it's so annoying, even if I'm not concentrating on the song, I always hear him sing that word." (genuflecting) - Daniel Mee
Song: Kemosabe - Everything Everything

Saturday, 7th - "You can do something that may or may not be useful, or you can do nothing." - Toby Wright
Song: King And Cross - Ásgeir

Sunday, 8th - "Have you heard of the patience prayer? 'Lord, I need patience and I need it now.' " - Pr Dave Sunderland
Song: Can I Get Get Get - Junior Senior

Song Of The Week: Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now - The Smiths

Monday, 9th - "Jachin, have all these M&M's." - Karlo Mee
Song: Bixby Canyon Bridge - Death Cab For Cutie

Tuesday, 10th - "I love it so muchhhh, I keep replaying it" - Albert Hopkins, discussing a song I made featuring him
Song: Gangsta's Paradise - Coolio

Wednesday, 11th - "That's all it is for him, food and computers." - Jess Wright, talking about Freddy
Song: Days - The Drums

Thursday, 12th - "Two weeks was too long, you had to see her again, huh?" - Toby Wright, guessing incorrectly why I didn't come to Canberra last time
Song: Wet Dreamz - J Cole

Friday, 13th - "We're missing some serious storms in Adelaide." - Mandy Mee, and then trees came down around us later that day
Song: High Living - Toro y Moi

Saturday, 14th - "Jakes gives awesome hugs." - Toby Wright, talking to Grace
Song: Excursions - A Tribe Called Quest

Sunday, 15th -  "Your friends said they missed you today. Like; 'When's he coming back?' I said, 'Tonight, 10 o'clock!'" - Ursula Khan
Song: Best Friend - Foster The People

Song Of The Week: High Living - Toro y Moi

Monday, 16th - "Confused and xx? Not a good combo man" - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Islands - The xx

Tuesday, 17th - "I'm a sophisticated person." - Jake Burnard ("What did you say? All I heard was 'sack of potatoes.'" - Shana Burnard)
Song: Tennis Court - Lorde

Wednesday, 18th - "I live in history, time isn't linear, I have a fear of giving birth" - Albert Hopkins
Song: Don't Wake Me - Moonchild

Thursday, 19th - "The more pressure you put on yourself the more you put on her" - Kyla Sipthorp
Song: The Weight Of Living, Pt. 2 - Bastille

Friday, 20th - "We're too school for cool." - Jack De Lyster
Song: Is This It - The Strokes

Saturday, 21st - "You're low key the most insane person here." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Ode To Viceroy - Mac DeMarco

Sunday, 22nd - "I like the one with the dove on it." - Pr Laurie Nankivell, pointing to a Twitter icon
Song: Because I Love You - Montaigne

Song Of The Week: Islands - The xx

Monday, 23rd - "She's just waiting for it to solve itself which is literally the worst thing you can do because that just doesn't work in relationships" - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: The Opposite Of Us - Big Scary

Tuesday, 24th - "Your dimples remind me of long afternoons picking dandelions and making chains." - Bryn Wakefield, monotone
Song: Reality In Motion - Tame Impala

Wednesday, 25th - "Oh no, the flying dab!" - Kellie-Ann Wanless, reacting to Karlo's trampolining
Song: Ultralight Beam - Kanye West

Thursday, 26th - "What the hell Albert, you're into chicks?" - Adeline Vandepeer
Song: Never Be Like You - Flume

Friday, 27th - "Nothing ruins my sleep cycle like sleeping." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Satan - D.D. Dumbo

Saturday, 28th - ("What do you like, Salvo?" - Harry Allen) "Nothing." - Salvo Dilettoso
Song: Thinkin Bout You - Frank Ocean

Sunday, 29th - "Don't drive like a ...rooster? A bird of the air?" - Ursula Khan, reading a MAC sticker
Song: Ready, Able - Grizzly Bear

Song Of The Week: Ultralight Beam - Kanye West

Monday, 30th - "So poo becomes food?" - Scarlett Allen, discussing sewage treatment plants
Song: Love$ick: Mura Masa

Tuesday, 31st - "When I start walking around dressed like Britney Spears, you can too." - Jeremy Cogan
Song: Kill The Director - The Wombats

February

Wednesday, 1st - "Understanding your past will make you understand your future." - Gudrun Finos
Song - Feel The Way I Do - The Jungle Giants

Thursday, 2nd - "Why do we have a practice census? What are we practicing, turning up to school?" - Cooper Fitzgerald
Song: King Franco Picasso - D.D Dumbo

Friday, 3rd - "I don't know how to smile." - Riley Hillman, post-braces.
Song: Knife - Grizzly Bear

Saturday, 4th - "I do like plumbing." - Daniel Mee
Song: One Way Trigger - The Strokes

Sunday, 5th - "I wanna apologise for, like, all girls, ever." - Elizabeth Allen
Song: Ain't No Sunshine - Bill Withers

Song of the Week: Knife - Grizzly Bear

Monday, 6th - "Or slowly and emotionally release them into a lake - Tune funeral" - Bryn Wakefield, talking about the rubber ducks
Song: Say It Ain't So - Weezer

Tuesday, 7th - "You'll never get a sincere apology out of a Sipthorp." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: There Is A Light That Never Goes Out - The Smiths

Wednesday, 8th - "I want to live somewhere like Japan, but where it's winter all the time. - Albert Hopkins ("Finland?" - Sam Timmins)
Song: The Selfish Giant - Damon Albarn

Thursday, 9th - "Yeah he's mental, he was taking notes in binary code in Legal Studies." - Shareef Meah, discussing Finn Caulfield
Song: Isabel - The Wombats

Friday, 10th - "Problems with school, problems with relationships; how you deal with those will make or break you." - Pr Paul Nobel
Song: Someday You Will Be Loved - Death Cab for Cutie

Saturday, 11th - "She wanted to talk to you, but she thought she'd be too awkward and cry." - Freya Barr
Song: Tokyo (Vampires and Wolves) - The Wombats

Sunday, 12th - "What is it with old people running?" - Christine Maxwell
Song: Move On Up - Curtis Mayfield

Song Of The Week: Move On Up - Curtis Mayfield

Monday, 13th - "His name is PK, he drives a Porsche, and does cocaine." - Shareef Meah, I didn't hear the rest of that conversation
Song: Up In The Clouds - Darwin Deez

Tuesday, 14th - "I've worked with disabled people a lot and most of them smell like off yoghurt, I don't know why." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Cemetery Gates - The Smiths

Wednesday, 15th - "Two Weeks is your theme song!" - Georgia Slater
Song: So Fresh, So Clean - OutKast

Thursday, 16th - "I know a Japanese guy called Ruth." - Bradley McKinnery
Song: Under Control - The Strokes

Friday, 17th - "H20 is what makes us all human." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Butter - A Tribe Called Quest

Saturday, 18th - "That's all I need, pressure or Asian hands" - Ewen Maxwell, on how he plays basketball best
Song: Walking On A Dream - Empire Of The Sun

Sunday, 19th - "Put that in your podcast and smoke it." - Christine Maxwell
Song: Northern Wind - City and Colour

Song Of The Week: Up In The Clouds - Darwin Deez

Monday, 20th - "I'm not that scared of committing insurance fraud." - Kyla Sipthorp
Song: Walrus - D.D Dumbo

Tuesday, 21st - "Kyla says she's not talking to you anymore." - Layla Duckworth, missing the irony [note to Kyla: this is definitely the lamest quote, i was just so annoyed that day so i wrote it in ahah]
Song: Retro [Rough] - Childish Gambino

Wednesday, 22nd - "'I don't want to become addicted to ASMR', Jachin Mee. Can you quote yourself on that list?" - Albert Hopkins
Song: Somebody That I Used To Know - Gotye

Thursday, 23rd - "You need a hobby!" - Kyla Sipthorp, to be honest at this point, writing quotes is probably my main hobby
Song: I. flight of the navigator - Childish Gambino

Friday, 24th - "The question said, 'What brought an end to the 1920's?' and I had a mental blank so I just wrote: the 1930's." - Harry Allen
Song: We The People... - A Tribe Called Quest

Saturday, 25th - "I'm 26. Yeah, I'm very proud of the fact that I live in the Northern Suburbs and don't have kids." - Basketball dude at the park
Song: playing around before the party starts - Childish Gambino

Sunday, 26th - "Just say to people: 'Free Fringe Show - Vogue Theatre' and it sounds really professional, but then they get here..." - Jackson Cooper
Song: III. life: the biggest troll [andrew auernheimer] - Childish Gambino

Song Of The Week: Walrus - D.D Dumbo

Monday, 27th -"It gets to the point where you can't take it [The Year 12 jumper] off." - Sarah Andreucci
Song: Infamous Date Rape - A Tribe Called Quest

Tuesday, 28th - "Friends is entertaining, can't we all just watch that, eat cookies and be happy?" - Hannah Baker
Song: Find A Way - A Tribe Called Quest

March

Wednesday, 1st - "I think Kendrick Lamar isn't rap." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Buggin' Out - A Tribe Called Quest

Thursday, 2nd - "I feel like it's a requirement for teenagers to be cringey." - Tayla Kent
Song: Apparently - J.Cole

Friday, 3rd - "From this day, I have no doubt there's a higher power." - Riley Hillman
Song: Got To Get You Into My Life - The Beatles

Saturday, 4th - "This is the worst day of my life! Everyone is angry with me." - Karlo Mee
Song: Ego - Milky Chance

Sunday, 5th - "That's good, give it to them, Mr Preacher Man!" - Pr John Kuhlmann
Song: Soul Meets Body - Death Cab For Cutie

Song Of The Week: Buggin' Out - A Tribe Called Quest

Monday, 6th -  "Are you still listening to Fat Albert music?" - Mandy Mee
Song: 3WW - alt-J

Tuesday, 7th - "I want a car that's just no colour. That's the car I want." - Riley Hillman
Song: Colours - Grouplove

Wednesday, 8th - "When I'm rich, I'm buying two things. Barbara Streisand by Duck Sauce on iTunes, and a Samsonite luggage bag" - Sam Timmins
Song: The Warning - Hot Chip

Thursday, 9th - "Drop everything and dab. Just do it." - Katrina Penafiel
Song: Short Skirt, Long Jacket - Cake

Friday, 10th - "First, let me take my crocs off." - Saxon Sinclair
Song: Call It What You Want - Foster The People

Saturday, 11th - "That's a party where he has one drink and then realises he's got no pants on." - Daniel Mee
Song: No Fit State - Hot Chip

Sunday, 12th - "Is she trying to be in the play? What with the face paint and pajamas." - Daniel Mee, WOMAD satirist
Song: Brother - D.D Dumbo

Song Of The Week: The Warning - Hot Chip

Monday, 13th - "All I can say is I hope they let us choose the music"
 - Sam Timmins, on BIG MEEA 2 (Side note from the future: Albert hijacked it halfway through and played mostly Kanye and lo-fi beat tapes.)
Song: Brill Bruisers - The New Pornographers

Tuesday, 14th - "The key to a good banana is it has to be floppy." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Name For You - The Shins

Wednesday, 15th - "What does it mean to be 'lost in the sauce?'" - Logan Beck
Song: Idioteque - Radiohead

Thursday, 16th - "For formal theme, I'd have nothing or Batman." - Albany Alvarado
Song: No Role Modelz - J.Cole

Friday, 17th - "So, I hear you've got a thing for Layla!" - Aiman Nordin, with a bad case of out of the loop
Song: Dissolve - Absofacto

Saturday, 18th - "They could've come here and listened to you farting all night, that's another musical. Many trumpets." - Mandy Mee, on Messiah alternatives
Song: This Boy - The Beatles

Sunday, 19th - "Just wait, you're all going to be eating my cheese pizza." - Emmanuel Christofidis
Song: I Just Don't Understand - Spoon

Song Of The Week: No Role Modelz - J.Cole

Monday, 20th - "I don't meme." - Kyla Sipthorp
Song: Southern Point - Grizzly Bear

Tuesday, 21st - "My uncle's friend legally changed his name to Hatstand Pincermovement." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Promises of Fertility - Huerco S.

Wednesday, 22nd - "KFC ya later." - An unfortunate soul working at City Cross KFC
Song: Let Me Be Mine - Spoon

Thursday, 23rd - "Yeah, I've got the Beatles mono on vinyl, so what?" - Riley Hillman
Song: A Day In The Life - The Beatles

Friday, 24th - "I want to get Rock Band: The Beatles because all the tracks are in mono." - Riley Hillman
Song: 30 Hours - Kanye West

Saturday, 25th - "I feel fatshamed." - Ryan Allen
Song: When I'm Sixty Four - The Beatles

Sunday, 26th - "He got stuck in an elevator for an hour, lost 7 kilos." - Ewen Maxwell
Song: King Kunta - Kendrick Lamar

Song Of The Week: When I'm Sixty Four - The Beatles

Monday, 27th - "You're easily impressed aren't you - but at the same time you aren't." - Georgia Slater
Song: No Surprises - Radiohead

Tuesday, 28th - "Yeah, Internet cafes are good, but like, last time we went there - I mean - do you know how rare it is for five girls to walk into an Internet cafe, at the same time?" - Giang Le
Song: Reflektor - Arcade Fire

Wednesday, 29th - "We'd only seen the salads so that's what we ate. Only as we left, we walked past the smorgasbord, and I did cartwheels in disappointment." - Dean Khan
Song: Oxford Comma - Vampire Weekend

Thursday, 30th - "You're doing God's work, and literally no one cares." - Darcy Heller, on the Prefecture
Song: Mama Said Knock You Out - LL Cool J

Friday, 31st - "This just in: Kanye West in freak aesthetic disaster" - Riley Hillman
Song: It's Coming Down - Cake

April

Saturday, 1st - "I am both the mother and the father of this family!" - Elizabeth Allen
Song: Marilyn Monroe - Pharrell Williams

Sunday, 2nd - "I'm like the Christopher Nolan of the script writing community." - Jackson Cooper
Song: Kimmel - Horse Tranquiliser

Song Of The Week: Marilyn Monroe - Pharrell Williams

Monday, 3rd - "Honestly, Albert, who does he think he is?" - Eve Sibley [note to Kyla: this one is also really poor. There's so many people I'd much rather be in the quote book than Eve Sibley, but oh well.]
Song: I Might Be Wrong - Radiohead

Tuesday, 4th - "This one kid brought in a plastic bag, and they all started roasting him, and I was like - this is a cult." - Dallas Rodgers, on Environmental Club
Song: Clint Eastwood - Gorillaz

Wednesday, 5th - "I wish I was an ant so I could tunnel in the paver cracks." - Edith Christie
Song: Say Something Loving - the xx

Thursday, 6th - "Bit frustrated at the moment - I was going to meet with Mr Baum today to discuss my Extended Essay, but his wife's off having a baby or something so now I have to email him to work it out." - Vi-Seth Bak
Song: Also Frightened - Animal Collective

Friday, 7th - "Enjoy the music room, just wait until the mortgage bites you in the arse!" - Riley Hillman
Song: Do You Want To Know A Secret - The Beatles

Saturday, 8th - "People like that are ruining the economy. She said: 'I deserve to take a sick day every fortnight because I get really tired' - I hate you." - Isaac Cooper
Song: Toxic - Britney Spears

Sunday, 9th - "Mee - I love that surname!" - Malaysian restaurant waiter
Song: Summertime Clothes - Animal Collective

Song Of The Week: Also Frightened - Animal Collective

Monday, 10th - "I told her that I bought a $2000 Gucci jacket and then burnt it to prove a point." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Grace Kelly - MIKA

Tuesday, 11th - "Yeah mate, uh, Callum, I was just wondering if you wanted to buy some acid, I can take the Beatles 'White Album' stems in mono as payment, just give me a call back when you can. Thanks." - Riley Hillman
Song: Rococo - Arcade Fire

Wednesday, 12th - "Do you guys believe in knives in this house?" - Ayisha Pauli
Song: I Should Live In Salt - The National

Thursday, 13th - "I'd take a nose up my butt if it was for a good cause" - Shareef Meah
Song: Once In A Lifetime - Talking Heads

Friday, 14th - "I rue the day I bought you those sunglasses." - Mandy Mee
Song: DNA. - Kendrick Lamar

Saturday, 15th - "I want more lemonade. (No, Karlo, you can't have more.) Then I will die!" - Karlo Mee
Song: Second Chance - Peter Bjorn and John

Sunday, 16th - "That's a yellow card for thinking he's tough." - Josh Rowlands, about Harry on the footy field
Song: Hood Politics - Kendrick Lamar

Song Of The Week: Once In A Lifetime - Talking Heads

Monday, 17th - "Do you want a sloth? Their names are Alfred, Gerald, and Milton." - Tanae Burnard
Song: Clair De Lune - Flight Facilities

Tuesday, 18th - "Let's do a pranking competition!" - Karlo Mee, discussing planking competitions
Song: Book Of Revelation - The Drums

Wednesday, 19th - "She's insane. She asked the Gelatissimo guy, 'Is it easier to make a cup or a cone?' and he said cup, so she says, straight face, 'I'll have a cone.'" - Albert Hopkins, on Jemma Longmire
Song: Electric Relaxation - A Tribe Called Quest

Thursday, 20th - "Pitchfork's worst nightmare in 2017: they realise they don't really like music" - /u/cjdennis29
Song: Dance Yrself Clean - LCD Soundsystem

Friday, 21st - "What the hell! He's like 12!" - Nick Tronnolone, looking at my ID card
Song: Revolution 9 - The Beatles

Saturday, 22nd - "I don't even care about politics. Go communism!" - Aina Guidolin
Song: Watching Him Fade Away - Mac DeMarco

Sunday, 23rd - "I've been getting into singing rappers. They're like Drake, but good." - TK Nyatsanga
Song: Wesley's Theory - Kendrick Lamar

Song Of The Week: Dance Yrself Clean - LCD Soundsystem

Monday, 24th - "I went to bed with an itchy bum and woke up with a smelly finger." - Stephen Branson
Song: I Saw You Close Your Eyes - Local Natives

Tuesday, 25th - "That was the cue for the birth of Jesus Christ. Can we have the birth of Jesus Christ on stage?" - Simon Blacket
Song: Nikes - Frank Ocean

Wednesday, 26th - "I was going to say: that's the Beatles! There's something about their voices that's just... magical." - Ursula Khan
Song: Here, There And Everywhere - The Beatles

Thursday, 27th - "We always said you were going to be a lawyer, because all you ever did was argue!" - Elizabeth Matz, to Adrien
Song: Circle - Allen Stone

Friday, 28th - "We met a wombat called Fred there... Cleland National Park was great, I highly recommend." - Daniel Haggis
Song: 1996 - The Wombats

Saturday, 29th - "Bad things happen if you disappoint Yiayia." - Maddie Hains
Song: Team - Lorde

Sunday, 30th - "I was thinking that when The Wombats perform that song now, they should point to the crowd and sing 'bring back 2006' instead." - Daniel Mee
Song: The Blacker The Berry - Kendrick Lamar

Song Of The Week: 1996 - The Wombats

May

Monday, 1st - "That's probably what the weird thing is for you, not talking to people!" - Mandy Mee
Song: The Fresh Prince Of Bel-Air - DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince

Tuesday, 2nd - "There's no fish in my sea!" - Daniel Mee, playing Age of Empires
Song: Unfinished Sympathy - Massive Attack

Wednesday, 3rd - "That has to be your quote of the day! {"I can't quote myself."} Ok, then: 'I liked the part when Jachin said shell-struck.'" - Sam Timmins
Song: This Charming Man - The Smiths

Thursday, 4th - "You need to download Smiling Mind onto your phone." - Marla Mee
Song: Sleep All Day - The Rural Alberta Advantage

Friday, 5th - "Without Karlo, it's all a bit too easy to go out as a family." - Mandy Mee
Song: Three Rings - Grizzly Bear

Saturday, 6th - "So then Dad sends me a text saying: 'Here's a meme - come inside and do the dishes.'" - Hannah Hains
Song: Over and Over - Hot Chip

Sunday, 7th - "I'm too ugly to take just one selfie. I need like at least ten, so out of all the bad ones maybe one will be mediocre." - Elizabeth Allen
Song: Message In A Bottle - The Police

Song Of The Week: Over And Over - Hot Chip

Monday, 8th - "This song reminds me of living in a dirty sharehouse in Sydney, second year of Uni. We had this one English guy that kept trying to put that Oasis album on, and the rest of us would take it out soon as we could and put The Bends on instead." - Corin Bone
Song: High And Dry - Radiohead

Tuesday, 9th - "Even if I don't get it, I know when you guys are making a reference - because it's not funny." - Elvin Lewis
Song: She Loves You - The Beatles

Wednesday, 10th - "I thought that was Nutella in your lunch and I was gonna say, woah, Jachin's gone off the rails." - Mia Simenko
Song: Chicago - Sufjan Stevens

Thursday, 11th - "So two weeks after seeing the marriage councillor, the newspaper headline reads: "Murder-suicide - neighbour says 'She had it coming.'" - Indigo Peek-Burns, describing his fictional story
Song: Motion Sickness - Hot Chip

Friday, 12th - "Conducting a band is the closest I'll ever get to being a dictator." - Peter Young
Song: On Your Way Down - The Jungle Giants

Saturday, 13th - "If I get sick, it's all Macca's fault. I'll sue them!" - Scarlett Allen
Song: Bluish - Animal Collective

Sunday, 14th - ("Does anyone know how to control the spotlights?" - Pr Laurie Nankivell") "I'm just in the spotlight, I don't control them." - Harry Allen
Song: Violet - Hippo Campus

Song Of The Week: She Loves You - The Beatles

Monday, 15th - "Well I'm actually getting superannuation right now. Is anyone else on this table getting superannuation? No? Honestly, if you don't have superannuation, you can suck it." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Wyclef Jean - Young Thug

Tuesday, 16th - "The 70's were a hard time, that's why everyone did drugs!" - Bradley McKinnery
Song: Knives Out - Radiohead

Wednesday, 17th - "Getting Jachin back on this drum kit is like letting a fish back into the ocean." - Sam Timmins
Song: Warm Healer - Everything Everything

Thursday, 18th - "Well, Wayne, maybe if you stopped dabbing and put the energy into doing your English it would be done by now." - Shareef Meah
Song: Myth - Beach House

Friday, 19th - "Doing all this work recently, made me wonder what it'd be like if I applied myself with my studies. Then I realised no one would like me." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Pink + White - Frank Ocean

Saturday, 20th - "So after I recovered from the testicular torsion I went back to playing footy and everyone started calling me 'Twisties'" - Jem Simper-Brown
Song: When The Gun Draws - Pharoahe Monch

Sunday, 21st - "When he cries, you'd think his arms had been chopped off, but there's no blood, he just wants something. I think he'd make a good opera singer." - Dean Khan, on his grandson Alex
Song: Yet Again - Grizzly Bear

Song Of The Week: Myth - Beach House

Monday, 22nd - "I don't know and I don't care, I just want an AirBnb in Sicily. {"A guy came up to me and said I'm gonna dress up as a small island off the coast of Italy, I said don't be Sicily."} "I'm actually gonna stab you in the neck." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Here Comes The Night Time - Arcade Fire

Tuesday, 23rd - "You got something wrong with you if you don't listen to trap music." - Divesh Nair
Song: Born Under Punches (The Heat Goes On) - Talking Heads

Wednesday, 24th - "What's wrong with poo-smelling dinner?" - Mandy Mee
Song: Honeybee - Steam Powered Giraffe

Thursday, 25th - "Just because I believe in the Illuminati doesn't mean I'm fucking brain-dead!" - Riley Hillman
Song: Title and Registration - Death Cab For Cutie

Friday, 26th - ("If you could say anything to Malcolm Turnbull what would you say?" - Riley Hillman) "Shoot yourself, you bastard." - Old lady on the bus
Song: Strawberry Fields Forever- The Beatles

Saturday, 27th - "How do you get into that kind of vocation? Who wakes up one morning and goes, 'I'm going to make electronic signs for stadiums!'" - Andrew Mee
Song: Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds - The Beatles

Sunday, 28th - "Man, I'm like a prophet tonight." - Ryan Allen, after correctly predicting a game of FIFA
Song: My Girls - Animal Collective

Song Of The Week: Born Under Punches (The Heat Goes On) - Talking Heads

Monday, 29th - "I'm having my midlife crisis. I'm buying a convertible. Leave me alone." - Adeline Vandepeer
Song: Two Hearts in 3/4 Time - The Avalanches

Tuesday, 30th - "It's a celebration of their memory, not the soundtrack to their funeral! Flowers on their grave, not poo." - Daniel Mee
Song: Trouble - Metronomy

Wednesday, 31st - "Come on people, don't be picklegrapes!" - Gudrun Finos
Song: Tiny Vessels - Death Cab For Cutie

June

Thursday, 1st - "I don't want to go home, I want to stay at school and play Runescape." - Quinn Patterson
Song: Clark Gable - The Postal Service

Friday, 2nd - "I only know like 3 vegetables. Lettuce, cabbage, broccoli - oh yeah and bok choi." - Minsu Kim
Song: Deadcrush - alt-J

Saturday, 3rd - "Is this a real person: Hillary Clinton." - Marla Mee
Song: Out At The Pictures - Hot Chip

Sunday, 4th - "My dad used to say, 'When you leave school, that's when you start your education.' Mind you, in those days you could leave school in Year 10 and that was considered a good education!" - Pr John Kuhlmann
Song: Brand New Colony - The Postal Service

Song Of The Week: Clark Gable - The Postal Service

Monday, 5th - "Imagine dabbing as a form of self harm." - Riley Hillman
Song: We Will Become Silhouettes - The Postal Service

Tuesday, 6th - "Valium. You gotta take Valium." - Gudrun Finos
Song: We're Looking For A Lot Of Love - Hot Chip

Wednesday, 7th - "’So then I said, 'Sorry mummy, maybe I am the tense one', and that was the extent of our argument.’ / ‘That kind of healthy family dynamic is not normal.’" - Edith Christie and Shareef Meah
Song: You Won't See Me - The Beatles

Thursday, 8th - "Yeah, well you know, birthdays are a social construct." - Shareef Meah
Song: Two Weeks - Grizzly Bear

Friday, 9th - "Who do you want to win the UK election? See I want James Corden to win." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Revenge - Xxxtentacion

Saturday, 10th - "Jachin - his fire will light the flames of a thousand men and never will his own be diminished." - Sam Timmins
Song: Is It Like Today - World Party

Sunday, 11th - "Jachin, do you have any farts to squeeze out?" - Claudia Thomas
Song: Something - The Beatles

Song Of The Week: Two Weeks - Grizzly Bear

Monday, 12th - "You've heard of Deep Purple - did you know Ritchie Blackmore made a pass at me? Mind you, he was so bugged out on drugs at the time, eyes popping out of his head - he looked freaky." - Elizabeth Matz
Song: Michelle - The Beatles

Tuesday, 13th - "What kind of name is King Gizzard and The Lizard Wizard?" - Dude in the CD section at JB Hi-Fi
Song: Jesus Walks - Kanye West

Wednesday, 14th - "I feel like the people that just read my Twitter don't get it - the people that know what's really going on have been on the wildest ride with me over the past few days." - Kyla Sipthorp
Song: Can't Do - Everything Everything

Thursday, 15th - "There's a small minority of intelligent, well-read people - and then there's the rest of the cohort." - Mr Townsend, Year 12 Coordinator
Song: (This Is) The Dream Of Evan and Chan - Dntel

Friday, 16th - "Hey, no, I like the idea of God as a concept." - Sam Timmins
Song: Heartbeats - The Knife

Saturday, 17th - "Can you imagine eating a cupcake and then finding a toe nail in it? Like can you actually think of that? It's not nice, is it." - Shana Burnard
Song: White Winter Hymnal - Fleet Foxes

Sunday, 18th - "I like Iced Coffee, but when it comes to studying for exams, you've gotta go with Red Bull." - Jackson Cooper
Song: A Certain Romance - Arctic Monkeys

Song Of The Week: (This Is) The Dream Of Evan and Chan - Dntel

Monday, 19th - "That story's so good, I'm going to write slam poetry about it." - Adeline Vandepeer
Song: Nude - Radiohead

Tuesday, 20th - "I hate you and I hate this game." - Albert Hopkins, after losing Words With Friends
Song: Drakkar Noir - Phoenix

Wednesday, 21st - "I hate when you're making fun of someone and they don't fight back. Like, they're not supposed to just take it!" - Medhir Kumawat
Song: Stella was a diver and she was always down - Interpol

Thursday, 22nd - "If you support Richmond you support disappointment." - Dallas Rodgers
Song: Ribs - Lorde

Friday, 23rd - "I'm not chip racist." - Jackson Cooper // "I am! I hate Salt and Vinegar!" - Brandon Allen
Song: Death With Dignity - Sufjan Stevens

Saturday, 24th - "My mum hires DJ's for events in town; I'll make sure she knows about you." - Chloe Clark-McKeever
Song: Girl - The Internet

Sunday, 25th - "Everyone's a bit late because of the sausage sizzle - when you organise that kind of thing you're going to run into a few snags." - Pr Steve Harvey
Song: Eventually - Tame Impala

Song Of The Week: Stella was a diver and she was always down - Interpol

Monday, 26th - "Your lovely wife is here to see you." // "What about Sue?" - Bracegirdles employees
Song: January 28th - J.Cole

Tuesday, 27th - "You're a paranoid android? What? What does that mean?" - Marla Mee
Song: Paranoid Android - Radiohead

Wednesday, 28th - "Can we go in the exam wing and just say: 'Everyone out, we're doing a Kahoot.'" - Sheron Subasinghe
Song: Basic Space - the xx

Thursday, 29th - "Sugar is your enemy, Jachin." - Ursula Khan, to be fair I'd had like 12 cookies that day
Song: Gangnam Style - PSY

Friday, 30th - "I hate paper mâché." - Hannah Hains // "I'm sure the feeling's mutual. It seems to hate you too." - Franco Princi
Song: Death Of An Interior Decorator - Death Cab For Cutie

July

Saturday, 1st - "If there was a book on How To Explain Women it would be really thick and each page would just say: bipolar." - Harry Allen
Song: 15 Step - Radiohead

Sunday, 2nd - "In this day and age, it doesn't matter if you don't know anything, Dr Google has you covered! Or Dr Bing, if you prefer." - Pete Nankivell
Song: Temporary Secretary - Paul McCartney

Song Of The Week: Temporary Secretary - Paul McCartney

Monday, 3rd - "I don't really listen to music." - Daniel Mee
Song: Soothing - Laura Marling

Tuesday, 4th - "You're not the only person in the world that gets blood noses, get over it." - Mandy Mee
Song: Fourth Of July - Sufjan Stevens

Wednesday, 5th - "So I bought the case, she gave me my receipt, and then she said bye but she put her hand up. So I gave her a high five and then she asked me why I gave her a high five, and I just left." - Albert Hopkins, on his time at the Apple Store
Song: I Can Change - LCD Soundsystem

Thursday, 6th - "Personal crisis last night because I felt bad after I killed someone on GTA" - Riley Hillman
Song: Foreground - Grizzly Bear

Friday, 7th - "Albert and I have decided that I'm going to be the little spoon." - Elvin Lewis
Song: Quiet Ferocity - The Jungle Giants

Saturday, 8th - "Riley's outside. He said to tell Jachin to stop singing No Surprises." - Finn Lewis
Song: True Love Waits - Radiohead

Sunday, 9th - "You should ask Allans if they do Uber delivery for drum kits." - Daniel Mee // "UberBeats." - Ewen Maxwell
Song: Packt Like Sardines In A Crushed Tin Box - Radiohead

Song Of The Week: Packt Like Sardines In A Crushed Tin Box

Monday, 10th - "But I can just record Spotify playing the song and then put that on my USB. I'm not worried about sound quality; your uncle needs to have 10/10, I'm happy with 6/10." - Dean Khan
Song: Two For Nero - Everything Everything

Tuesday, 11th - "I need to buy this jacket |It's $400 but I'm obsessed | It's made out of an old wedding kimono | and it's reversible." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Girl - The Beatles

Wednesday, 12th - "I showed people at work your track, they said it was very 'late Bowie'." - Daniel Mee
Song: I Want You (She's So Heavy) - The Beatles

Thursday, 13th - "Right that's it, I'm gonna 'Phil Hughes' you now." - Frank Atkinson, getting fired up playing Ricky Ponting International Cricket 2005
Song: My Kind Of Woman - Mac DeMarco

Friday, 14th - "i get back to school and i cant remmeber who it is but someone tells me that corin bone DIED in an airplane crash over tokyo because the weather wasso bad. and like the whoel class was looking thru his facebook at all his memories and wall posts and it was so crazy" - Riley Hillman, describing a dream of his
Song: Happiness Is A Warm Gun - The Beatles

Saturday, 15th - "Starlet (the cat) is my girlfriend at the moment." {What's your favourite thing about her?} "I have a joke for that but it's probably too inappropriate to say." - Michael Madi
Song: Pay The Man - Foster The People

Sunday, 16th - "We wouldn't do anything too naughty. We'd just like, leave a poo at someone's door or light something on fire." - Jackson Cooper, fondly recalls his youth
Song: Time And Time Again - The Jungle Giants

Song Of The Week: Girl - The Beatles

Monday, 17th - "I'd be quite happy if all of camp was catered with just Chicken Crimpy shapes." - Harry Allen
Song: Brain Damage - Pink Floyd

Tuesday, 18th - "When you clean, good things happen." - Mandy Mee
Song: Money - Pink Floyd

Wednesday, 19th - "I've never even been to Hog's Breath just because of the name - they could have the best food in the world and I still wouldn't go because they're called "Hog's Breath". - Halima Nalaye
Song: The Great Impression - Sparkadia

Thursday, 20th - "There's 'outreaching' and 'inreaching', now if I say 'selfreaching' - that sounds wrong, doesn't it." - Daniel Mee
Song: A Fever Dream - Everything Everything

Friday, 21st - "Got my D.O. for my B.O - that used to be my favourite sentence." - Harry Allen
Song: Neighbors - Grizzly Bear

Saturday, 22nd - "During the C-section the woman said she felt like the doctors were just rummaging around in her insides." - Kezia Riggs // "Ew I never want to give birth ever." - Hannah Hains
Song: Seven Nation Army - The White Stripes

Sunday, 23rd - "My feet are moist, it's not a gooch feeling." - Jayden Brokensha
Song: With A Little Help From My Friends - The Beatles

Song Of The Week: The Great Impression - Sparkadia

Monday, 24th - "Mum, can I get a hoverboard?" - Karlo Mee
Song: Between The Bars - Elliot Smith

Tuesday, 25th - "My favourite part was when nobody won." - Mandy Mee, reading a tweet about Australian Ninja Warrior
Song: Heavy Heart - You Am I

Wednesday, 26th - "You're so much like Jachin when he was your age!" *Karlo does a lion roar* "Not like that." - Mandy Mee
Song: Blu - Mura Masa

Thursday, 27th - "Most pictures paint a thousand words - Jachin's smile paints ten thousand." - Riley Hillman
Song: House Of Cards - Radiohead

Friday, 28th - "Elvin's house isn't a house, it's a metaphor." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Let's Dance To Joy Division - The Wombats

Saturday, 29th - "I don't listen to the radio on the way to work. I just... sit there praying that they'll leave me alone when I get there." - Christine Maxwell
Song: Don't Let Me Down - The Beatles

Sunday, 30th - "At Nando's Daniel said 'Is it alright if I just get a veggie burger?' and I said 'No! Definitely not.'" - Jackson Cooper
Song: Genesis - Grimes

Song Of The Week: House Of Cards - Radiohead

Monday, 31st - "Holding a dead cat, in your arms, as you lay him to rest next to their favourite bottle brush tree, will bring back countless memories of them throughout your whole life, which couldn't ever be described as overrated." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Rebellion (Lies) - Arcade Fire

August

Tuesday, 1st - "All your problems are fake." // "What? Is what's happening tomorrow not a problem?" // "Colonoscopies aren't problems, they're solutions." - Kyla Sipthorp and Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: 911 / Mr Lonely - Tyler, The Creator

Wednesday, 2nd - "When you grow up, you're not allowed to have a favourite colour anymore." - Wayne Tuong
Song: Airbag - Radiohead

Thursday, 3rd - "I didn't turn your music off, I just muted it because it was getting too angsty." - Mandy Mee
Song: Desire - Everything Everything

Friday, 4th - *It's not just your family. It's the whole idea of... You know, they're always telling you what to do, what not to do, and it's not conducive to a creative atmosphere.* - Johnny Depp in Charlie and The Chocolate Factory / "Are you Willy Wonka?" - Mandy Mee
Song: Four Cypresses - Grizzly Bear

Saturday, 5th - "Sometimes, to be a friend, you have to take a risk even though you might not get the response you want." - Jo Wakefield
Song: The Rat - The Walkmen

Sunday, 6th - "If you're ever sad, just think about my drumming. Cures all illnesses." - Jackson Cooper
Song: All My Friends - LCD Soundsystem

Song Of The Week: The Rat - The Walkmen

Monday, 7th - "Is... all Radiohead music really sad?" - Sarah Andreucci
Song: Back To The Old House ~ John Peel session 9/14/83 - The Smiths

Tuesday, 8th - "I've only been to one funeral and I'm never going to one again." - Albany Alvarado
Song: Depreston - Courtney Barnett

Wednesday, 9th - "I like hearing a good story. But sometimes it's like: Kyla, shut up." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Don't You Evah - Spoon

Thursday, 10th - "Can you guys eat anything other than hummus? Let's be real." - Brad Tucker, to vegans
Song: Valerie ~ Version Revisited - Mark Ronson, Amy Winehouse

Friday, 11th - "Might end up having to put in a Leicester player for my mental sanity." - Cameron Gardner, FPL chat before a 4:15 am start the next morning
Song: Psycho Killer - Talking Heads

Saturday, 12th - "But I mean, I could sing Beyoncé beautifully." - Albert Hopkins
Song: On Melancholy Hill - Gorillaz

Sunday, 13th - "You know what I'm here for, I'm here for some Portuguese sardines. Why else would I be here?" - Daniel Cook, at the servo
Song: Gronlandic Edit - of Montreal

Song Of The Week: Valerie ~ Version Revisited - Mark Ronson, Amy Winehouse

Monday, 14th - "Let me teach you something about bulimia: it doesn't work." - Callum Jesse
Song: The Youth - MGMT

Tuesday, 15th - "The only thing that annoys me about Mr. Marino is that his moustache is off-centre." - Obadiah Crowe
Song: Morning Bell - Radiohead

Wednesday, 16th - "Every time I see any animal in the world I see the soul of my dog in them." - Ella Wood
Song: Nights - Frank Ocean

Thursday, 17th - "The only time I've ever had banter with my dad was at Nando's." - Sam Timmins
Song: Two Doves - Dirty Projectors

Friday, 18th - "It's a small world. Actually, I hate that saying. It's not a small world. You just live in a small town." - Harry Allen
Song: Run The Numbers - Everything Everything

Saturday, 19th - "You won't believe what just happened to me. I literally just slipped on a banana peel." - Emmanuel Christofidis
Song: Cut-Out - Grizzly Bear

Sunday, 20th - "At 9am I had to choose between bacon and sleep, and sleep won." - Isaac Cooper
Song: White Whale - Everything Everything

Song Of The Week: Two Doves - Dirty Projectors

Monday, 21st - "Don't you even know I'm the mandarin monster?" - Karlo Mee
Song: Big Game - Everything Everything

Tuesday, 22nd - "I want to make a Jachin bingo." / ("Yeah, that's a great idea.") / "I'm drawing it up tonight." - Kyla Sipthorp (Sam Timmins)
Song: Faust Arp - Radiohead

Wednesday, 23rd - "I've said it once, I'll say it a thousand times: Jachin Mee is the love child of Donald Glover and Maurice Moss." - Albert Hopkins
Song: The Revolution Will Not Be Televised - Gil Scott-Heron

Thursday, 24th - "My friend didn't know why People of Colour didn't include white people, because 'white is a colour.'" - Imara Seneviratne
Song: Losing My Edge - LCD Soundsystem

Friday, 25th - "He WILL BE UNFIT TO CONTINUE his USUAL OCCUPATION" - the medical certificate signed by Dr Regina Hewage that explains why there's no quote for today
Song: Blank Space - Taylor Swift

Saturday, 26th - "I knew they were going out on dates, but i didn't know they were, like, dating." - Harry Allen
Song: Domesticated Animals - Queens of the Stone Age

Sunday, 27th - "The cornerstone of Christianity is understanding and appreciating the gospel of Jesus." - Dan Wooldridge
Song: Hannah - Freelance Whales

Song Of The Week: The Revolution Will Not Be Televised - Gil Scott-Heron

Monday, 28th - "You just know he's happy - like, if you have a beard that big, you have to be happy with life." - Sam Timmins
Song: All I Need - Radiohead

Tuesday, 29th - "I really enjoy making fun of white people." - Iva Sorsa-Sunic
Song: Schoolin' - Everything Everything

Wednesday, 30th - "Albert's an actual fascist. He wants control, he hates others' opinions." - Sam Timmins (I'll take Godwin's Law for $400, Alex)
Song: Two Weeks - FKA Twigs

Thursday, 31st - "I love karaoke machines because they're a really good way to embarrass my mom." - Tristan Sowter
Song: Cousins - Vampire Weekend

September

Friday, 1st - "And if I get really angry, I just fill up my trolley with all sorts of things, and then I don't buy it. I just leave it there." - Chris Sowter
Song: Hung Up - Madonna

Saturday, 2nd - "One lesson I got into a debate with him over whether freedom exists, and he said, 'If freedom existed do you think I'd be working here?'" - Finn Caulfield, reminiscing about primary school
Song: Passin' Me By - The Pharcyde

Sunday, 3rd - "I just want to stuff my face with chocolate. That's all I want to do right now." - Kezia Riggs
Song: Holiday - Vampire Weekend

Song Of The Week: Cousins - Vampire Weekend

Monday, 4th - "Why is he talking so much when he has a jetpack?! Less talking, more jetpack." - Bryn Wakefield, unimpressed with the show entertainment
Song: Be Above It - Tame Impala

Tuesday, 5th - {What advice would you give the younger years going into Year 12?} "Don't put milk in the toaster." - Nathan Ellis
Song: Hannah Hunt - Vampire Weekend

Wednesday, 6th - "I was raised on Rocky Horror Picture Show, which is probably not the best thing to show your 4 year old... But hey, it was 2005 - it was a pretty crazy time!"  - Walter Buckley
Song: Chronic Sunshine - Cosmo Pyke

Thursday, 7th - "I never had a puppy as a kid - our dog was old and fat when we got it." - Shareef Meah
Song: Good Shot, Good Soldier - Everything Everything

Friday, 8th - "I found out today that the BTN logo is purple." - Daniel Mee, the web designer for BTN
Song: Sweet Disposition - The Temper Trap

Saturday, 9th - "Question 1: Who did the Mona Lisa paint?" - Andrew Brokensha
Song: The State I Am In - Belle and Sebastian

Sunday, 10th - "Harry, you coming to the movies? Oh wait no it's MA16+." - Isaac Cooper
Song: Wouldn't It Be Nice - The Beach Boys

Song Of The Week: Chronic Sunshine - Cosmo Pyke

Monday, 11th - "One of the things I'm proud of is that there's no food I won't eat. Give me any vegetable and I'll tell you about it." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Holding On - The War On Drugs

Tuesday, 12th - "One homophobic joke killed roller skating, that's all it took." - Sam Davies
Song: Sunset - The Internet

Wednesday, 13th - "I'm always proud when I witness the birth of a meme. It's like an achievement." - Darcy Heller
Song: Videotape - Radiohead

Thursday, 14th - "Solo is for people who have built up a tolerance to lemonade." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Weird Fishes/ Arpeggi - Radiohead

Friday, 15th - "If every toilet was like Burnside's, I wouldn't have depression!" - Riley Hillman
Song: Exactly How You Are - Ball Park Music

Saturday, 16th - "That guy's gonna commit suicide because of me, and it's gonna be his fault." - Nic Brown
Song: Take Me Out - Franz Ferdinand

Sunday, 17th - "I'm so over children." - Kezia Riggs / "But you want to be a midwife?" - Elizabeth Allen
Song: Ghost - Parekh and Singh

Song Of The Week: Weird Fishes / Arpeggi - Radiohead

Monday, 18th - "Think about it, you never hear a big business CEO say, 'I had a loving family growing up.'" - Shareef Meah
Song: Share With Me The Sun - Portugal. The Man

Tuesday, 19th - "Don't be afraid to cry in front of your teachers. It will get you extensions." - Emi Newlands
Song: Ladies and Gentleman We Are Floating In Space - Spiritualized

Wednesday, 20th - "Who the fuck has birthday parties in winter? That's retarded." -  Mia Simenko
Song: Sleepyhead - Passion Pit

Thursday, 21st - "I'm a good person." - Jacky Tan / "No you're not. That's like Bryan Chong saying he's smart." - Minsu Kim
Song: 1234 - Feist

Friday, 22nd - "You look like an actor from a Mexican food commercial." - Year 9 I've never spoken to before in my life
Song: Someone Great - LCD Soundsystem

Saturday, 23rd - "No, stop thinking placebo. Not placebo, think spastic!" - Elizabeth Matz, some advice for speaking Russian
Song: Roygbiv - Boards Of Canada

Sunday, 24th - "French people keep asking me what a 'skegg' is" - Hannah Hains
Song: This Must Be The Place (Naive Melody) - Talking Heads

Song Of The Week: Someone Great - LCD Soundsystem

Monday, 25th - "That bit. He said 'That man, I forgot his name, but in his song he only had 7 or 8 songs.'" - Daniel Mee, quoting Karlo Mee
Song: Giorgio by Moroder - Daft Punk

Tuesday, 26th - "i hate this year so much, ive never felt this much stress for procrastinating and being a bad student" - Katrina Penafiel
Song: Darling - Real Estate

Wednesday, 27th - "Everytime you want to play this song, you have to give me chocolate - that's the rule." - Mandy Mee, on Wouldn't It Be Nice by the Beach Boys which she still can't disassociate from Cadbury
Song: Losing All Sense - Grizzly Bear

Thursday, 28th - "Ms Walsh said if Rhys Peden gets prefect she's quitting her job." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Peg - Steely Dan

Friday, 29th - "Oi I'm wearing a helmet from now on when I play footy aye." - Tom Coverdale
Song: Shooting Stars - Bag Raiders

Saturday, 30th - "If you get so big you can't wipe your own bum, that's uh, yep, that's beyond, that's beyond reasonable. You're not bulking then, you're just fat." - Corey Berg
Song: Return of the 'G' - OutKast

October

Sunday, 1st - "The best part, they say, about it is the feeling of tongue, on your tongue." - Daniel Cook, on the delicacy that is ox tongue
Song: Too Young - Phoenix

Song Of The Week: Peg - Steely Dan

Monday, 2nd - "I was shaking worse than Michael J Fox; I would've been great at making martinis and terrible at stealing tambourines." - Jesse Tennant
Song: Loving Arm - Metronomy

Tuesday, 3rd - {"I don't think he'd lie about this.} "I just doubt everything Albert says now." - Mandy Mee, the consequences of the Mr Ryan stroke story still in effect
Song: Night Of The Long Knives - Everything Everything

Wednesday, 4th - "Tomorrow I'm going to stay in my room FOR THE WHOLE DAY." - Karlo Mee
Song: Pleasure Sighs - The Morning Benders

Thursday, 5th - "The first drive I did, mum said: don't pick anyone up, and don't cross any main roads. So I drove with Sam to the city." - Albert Hopkins
Song: How It Ended - The Drums

Friday, 6th - "I thought you meant the song was made by weird fishes?" - Israel Maxwell "I don't think fishes, especially because they're weird, can speak english." - Marla Mee
Song: Female Of The Species - Space

Saturday, 7th - "...and so then I was at the traffic light, and there was a guy with down syndrome sitting at the bus stop. And that was it, I couldn't finish eating my kransky. That's really bad, I know. Poor guy was just waiting for the bus." - Mandy Mee
Song: In The Air Tonight - Phil Collins

Sunday, 8th - "Don't ask for sympathy if you're not willing to learn." - Jake Burnard
Song: September - Earth, Wind and Fire

Song Of The Week: In The Air Tonight - Phil Collins

Monday, 9th - "Im gonna do everything I can to avoid going to uni | So that means becoming famous by the end of next year |So easy." - Ben Lyons-Reid
Song: DUCKWORTH. - Kendrick Lamar

Tuesday, 10th - "It's not every day Queen Elizabeth sends you a letter... and the Governor General, and Prime Minister, the SA Governor, and Premier and Mayor!
♥️ you poppa." - Daniel Mee
Song: YAH. - Kendrick Lamar

Wednesday, 11th - "1 out of 20 times that an actor dies in a movie, they die for real." - Frank Atkinson
Song: I Bet You Look Good On The Dancefloor - Arctic Monkeys

Thursday, 12th - "If you ever see me drinking a decaffeinated coffee, that's when you know I've gone mad, and you should shoot me on the spot." - Albert Hopkins
Song: No You Girls - Franz Ferdinand

Friday, 13th - "Why is life so hard? I just want a nice pair of red socks." - Oliver Manglaras
Song: Dark Of The Matinee - Franz Ferdinand

Saturday, 14th - "Marla, where'd you get those boots?" / "No idea." / "Oh yeah, I get lots of clothes from no idea." - Pete Sowter / Marla Mee
Song: When The Sun Goes Down - Arctic Monkeys

Sunday, 15th - "I heard you having debate about the word 'retard'." / "Yeah, I don't believe in its usage." / "That's because you're a retard."  - Ryan Allen and Elizabeth Allen
Song: Sun In Your Eyes - Grizzly Bear

Song Of The Week: Dark Of The Matinee - Franz Ferdinand

Monday, 16th - "Is it true that your parents are Scientologists?" - Albany Alvarado
Song: Panic - The Smiths

Tuesday, 17th - "I get hair envy every time I pass you." - Joan McInnes
Song: Runaway - Kanye West

Wednesday, 18th - "My husband and I drove to Canberra in one day, and the whole way there he was just playing Radiohead - I can do one album, but he was just going back to back. After three hours I was like, "I'm out.'" - Stephanie Bond
Song: Seasons (Waiting On You) - Future Islands

Thursday, 19th - "High school? 6/10. Didn't get laid." - Yohan Choo
Song: Hung On Tight - Snakadaktal

Friday, 20th - "Is there any particular position you have to be in when you pray?" - Aiman Nordin / "Missionary." - Shareef Meah
Song: Everything In Its Right Place - Radiohead

Saturday, 21st - "Her makeup looks like that one eye option you pick when you're making a girl Mii." - Harry Allen
Song: Novocaine For The Soul - Eels

Sunday, 22nd - "The worst thing I saw at Glenunga was someone put a poo in the microwave for 2 hours - it melted." - Daniel Cook
Song: The Universal - Blur

Song Of The Week: Runaway - Kanye West

Monday, 23rd - "Bryan Chong! Those aren't school pants! Those aren't school shoes! But that's a fine arse." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Parklife - Blur

Tuesday, 24th - "Elmo's so photogenic. I love Elmo." - Omar Pichardo
Song: Bigmouth Strikes Again - The Smiths

Wednesday, 25th - "I need to be back by 5:30 for my tutor. {What are you being tutored on} It's a tutor for my mind. It's therapy." - Albert Hopkins
Song: It's Oh So Quiet - Björk

Thursday, 26th - "I don't know if he thinks that just because we have the same last name he has the right to rant to me like a sibling!" - Maddie Fitzgerald, on Cooper Fitzgerald
Song: Dance Wiv Me - Dizzee Rascal

Friday, 27th - "If I die young, I want to die as a teacher at Glenunga; they really drag things out. God help us if another teacher dies." - Callum Bowshall (Alt-quote: They should just have an award for all the prefects and say 'Yep! You've won. Go home.'" - Callum Bowshall)
Song: Flashing Lights - Kanye West

Saturday, 28th - "Thank God for alcohol, and thank God for God." - Indigo Peek-Burns, and then he kissed me on the hand
Song: Bonkers - Dizzee Rascal

Sunday, 29th - "Crazy In Love is the best song on my playlist, hands down." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Please, Please, Please, Let Me Get What I Want - The Smiths

Song Of The Week: Parklife - Blur

Monday, 30th - "Do you have exams this week-" / "Oh you guys are cousins! Like, the hair..." - Jasmine Jones and slightly slow friend
Song: Susan's House - Eels

Tuesday, 31st - "You know there's something wrong when you're siding with Divesh." - Lachlan McCarthy
Song: Wish You Were Gone - Cosmo Pyke

Wednesday, 1st - "Sometimes an artist needs to put out a bad album before I really appreciate them." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Deep Sea Divers - Darwin Deez

Thursday, 2nd - "Mental issues don't matter, as long as you own it." - Liu Yi Wang
Song: A Horse With No Name - America

Friday, 3rd - "That's the thing with old school rap like, people say they miss it - it's because it was good." - Wesley Burch
Song: Juke Jam - Chance The Rapper

Saturday, 4th - "Bored? Haven't you got friends? I mean real friends." - Ursula Khan
Song: Cannibal Resource - Dirty Projectors

Sunday, 5th - "Brutality, I love it. Let's introduce it to more camps." - Raimundo Hurtado
Song: Past Life - Tame Impala

Song Of The Week: Deep Sea Divers - Darwin Deez

Monday, 6th - "There's a girl Sophie in my class - she has a boyfriend. She is 6 and he is 6." - Karlo Mee
Song: Supermodel - SZA

Tuesday, 7th - "If I'm starved for baby names i'll just name my child Pale Ale." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Pyramids - Frank Ocean

Wednesday, 8th - "I think I'm most known for my non-hatred of people with cerebral palsy." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Them Changes - Thundercat

Thursday, 9th - "Look, Germany is pretty cringe." - Sam Timmins
Song: Doves In The Wind - SZA

Friday, 10th - ""Good luck with your future, make good choices!" - Renee Wilks / "No" - Katrina Penafiel
Song: Boy From School - Hot Chip

Saturday, 11th - "I don't think you can call him "Jachy" anymore, he's graduated." - Jason Khan, to Ursula Khan
Song: Nobody Really Cares If You Don't Go To The Party - Courtney Barnett

Sunday, 12th - "I say to people, 'Save your money, don't go to Bali, just go to the Lyell McEwin and lick the floor.'" - Ewen Maxwell, giving advice on experiencing foreign cultures
Song: Ubu - Methyl Ethel

Song Of The Week: Doves In The Wind - SZA

Monday, 13th - "Everyone does pop-offs, it's not a big deal - don't quote me on that." - Mandy Mee
Song: Countdown - Beyoncé

Tuesday, 14th - "I'm just one big walking shaka at the moment" - Kyla Sipthorp 🤙🏼
Song: Burning - The Whitest Boy Alive

Wednesday, 15th - "Are you going to the final BIG MEEA? The final BIG MEEA... is death." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Let My Baby Stay - Mac DeMarco

Thursday, 16th - "If I found a girl who liked good music, was hot, and was 15, I'd cry my eyes out all day." - Asha Armstrong-Zaid
Song: Work This Time - King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard

Friday, 17th - "Music is the only form of magic." - Maddison Davis
Song: Melt - Chet Faker

Saturday, 18th - "I just saw a bug commit suicide right in front of my face." - Ayisha Pauli
Song: Walk On The Wild Side - Lou Reed

Sunday, 19th - "Nah, bushfires are afraid of me!" - Brodie Hewetson
Song: Border Line - King Krule

Song Of The Week: Border Line - King Krule

Monday, 20th - "Ok hey. Have you noticed I've never criticised your music taste...?   Even though I think it's gay." - Dallas Rodgers
Song: This Night Has Opened My Eyes - The Smiths

Tuesday, 21st - "I'd love to hire ad space and just show the worst ads. What about an ad just like: are you suffering from dysentery? ...Our tagline could be: 'Saving lives one cork at a time.'" - Silas Ellery
Song: You Never Give Me Your Money - The Beatles

Wednesday, 22nd - "Do you know why he doesn't look like he's aged? He's single. When you're married you start getting grey hairs and...." - Dean Khan, he went on for a bit but i'll end the quote there because you get the idea
Song: How Soon Is Now? - The Smiths

Thursday, 23rd - "There's two things I hate in this world: Global warming, and putting a belt on in public." - Sam Timmins
Song: Taxi Cab - Vampire Weekend

Friday, 24th - "My primary school friends called me Jason because I hated the name Albert." - Jason Hopkins
Song: The Queen Is Dead - The Smiths

Saturday, 25th - "It was dress up day at school, and my mum gave me a karate suit and said to tell everyone at school I was a dim sim, so that's what I did." - Toby Wright
Song: Worry - Jack Garratt

Sunday, 26th - "If I had my own frozen coke machine. It wouldn't be in the kitchen, it would be in the bedroom." - Georgia Foord
Song: Colours - Hot Chip

Song Of The Week: You Never Give Me Your Money - The Beatles

Monday, 27th - "Grace, do you like your Dad?" / "I like cheese." - Karlo Mee and Grace Wright
Song: Reckoner - Radiohead

Tuesday, 28th - "The first step to forgetting, is forgetting." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Little Trip To Heaven (On The Wings Of Your Love) - Tom Waits

Wednesday, 29th - "Don't worry, I'll be nice to you. But if you play Two Weeks at my party, I will punch you in the head." - Kyla Sipthorp
Song: DNA - Darwin Deez

Thursday, 30th - "I know you guys live here and want nice facilities, but for me, I just want Adelaide to be a perfect time capsule from when I lived here." - Dr Brady Haran
Song: She Wants - Metronomy

December

Friday, 1st - "I had Sims but Mum took it away because I killed somebody in the pool." - Ruby Christofidis
Song: The Bay - Metronomy

Saturday, 2nd - "Fuck swearing, I swear way too much." - Emelia Sharland
Song: III. life: the biggest troll [andrew aurenheimer]

Sunday, 3rd - "Mum I've got better eyes than you, because I can see through water." - Karlo Mee
Song: Crosseyed and Painless - Talking Heads

Song Of The Week: Little Trip To Heaven (On The Wings Of Your Love

Monday, 4th - "They need to stop making smokes at the shops because that's where people get smokes: the shops." - Karlo Mee
Song: Leaf House - Animal Collective

Tuesday, 5th - "Sheron; he's like a mythical creature." - Katrina Penafiel /// "'I'm in the bath and I'm hard' is one of the most perfectly crafted statements" - Sheron Subasinghe
Song: Yam Yam - No Vacation

Wednesday, 6th - "He's more shaky than a Tickle-Me-Elmo. Classic banter." - Guy behind me at the cricket
Song: Howzat - Sherbet

Thursday, 7th - "It’s kind of bizarre to consider that through all of the strange, pointless and ridiculous conversations everyone had this year that someone was actually listening" - Kyla Sipthorp
Song: Someday - The Strokes

Friday, 8th - "There's nothing more wholesome than saying something funny and then seeing you whip out your phone in pure silence." - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Birds Don't Sing - TV Girl

Saturday, 9th - "Is Perth and Hobart the same thing?"- Gracie Barker
Song: My Terracotta Heart - Blur

Sunday, 10th - "You have to be 18 to go into nightclubs but I starting shaving when I was 12." - Pr Chad Haddad
Song: Tonight's The Night - Little Birdy

Song Of The Week: Birds Don't Sing - TV Girl

Monday, 11th - "I'm actually doing my project on the rise of women in gaming and like guys' attitude towards it. I'm not saying all guys are like that, but yeah, just some." - Jade Garriga-Haywood, you should see the huge list of misogynistic things people have said to her online :/
Song: Touch Me - The Doors

Tuesday, 12th - "{no one has proud moments at 4am unless they're giving birth} hahaha do you quote yourself | because that should be your quote in my opinion" - Kyla Sipthorp
Song: She's Losing It - Belle and Sebastian

Wednesday, 13th - "People that FaceTime in public are geniuses. Every time I see someone FaceTiming in public I wish I was brave enough to." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Dum Surfer - King Krule

Thursday, 14th - "I love lovely legs. I've always been a lovely leg man." - Dean Khan
(He's talking about chicken. I'd feel bad if I left the quote contextless.)
Song: Bad Day - Darwin Deez

Friday, 15th - "I used to pretend candy canes were braces." - Claudia Thomas
Song: A Wolf At The Door - Radiohead

Saturday, 16th - "No one likes a person with common sense." - Jacob Perry
Song: 405 - Death Cab For Cutie

Sunday, 17th - "This pimple on my nose, is giving me a nan." - Cameron Gardner
Song: Bohemian Rhapsody - Queen

Song Of The Week: Touch Me - The Doors

Monday, 18th - "Splinters in your face actually so so hurt." - Karlo Mee
Song: Little Bubble - Dirty Projectors

Tuesday, 19th - "What are they doing? Hurricanes shirt - it's crazy. Problem is, they start losing, you still have the shirt!" - Dean Khan
Song: oh baby - LCD Soundsystem

Wednesday, 20th - "Thanks for having me, thanks for dinner, thanks for basically the whole day" / "You're a thankful lad." / "Thank you." - Albert Hopkins and Daniel Mee
Song: Quarrel - Moses Sumney

Thursday, 21st - "Karlo, why do you like hurting people?" - Marla Mee
Song: Still Take You Home - Arctic Monkeys

Friday, 22nd - "The Seaford line is so boujee." - Frank Atkinson
Song: Riot Van - Arctic Monkeys

Saturday, 23rd - "Josh, give him a quote." / "Zip it up, zip it out." - Jackson Cooper and Josh Rowlands
Song: Take Me Home, Country Roads - John Denver

Sunday, 24th - "I don't want to be 17; I'd rather be 16. | Do people see me as an adult? because I don't want that." - Abi Riggs
Song: Mardy Bum - Arctic Monkeys

Song Of The Week: Riot Van - Arctic Monkeys

Monday, 25th - "Do you want heroin? Do you want to crack it, smoke it, shoot it? Well you're in the wrong place." - Jim Milnthorpe
Song: The Night Before - The Beatles

Tuesday, 26th - "I don't care about Christmas, Easter, all that trivial holidays, but if you have a bad New Years, you've got one foot in the grave." - Riley Hillman
Song: Funny Little Frog - Belle and Sebastian

Wednesday, 27th - "What's your quote of the day?" / {"I haven't got one yet - I haven't spoken to anyone."} / "What about yourself?" - Ursula Khan
Song: Let's Get It On - Marvin Gaye

Thursday, 28th - "I'm one of those adults that gets angry when someone tickles me." - Brett Sandeman
Song: Fox In The Snow - Belle and Sebastian

Friday, 29th - "I hate not being able to flop it all out at camp." - Nathan Rowlands, at the poker table
Song: Social Sites - Cosmo Pyke

Saturday, 30th - "There was revival in Gugulethu. Gugulethu, that's a bad place. That's the kind of place where people get killed, and die." - Ben Robinson
Song: Jigsaw Falling Into Place - Radiohead

Sunday, 31st - "Could you imagine Jesus sneaking off and having a bong??" - Pr John Kuhlmann
Song: I Saw Her Standing There - The Beatles


January

Monday, 1st - "Everyone on our team is now called Gary. Literally." - Tom Hutton, just before the cricket started
Song: The New Year - Death Cab For Cutie

Tuesday, 2nd - "Apparently if you want a hotel, you either can't be disabled, or can't have kids!" - Martin Fopp
Song: Typical - Mutemath

Wednesday, 3rd - "It reminded me how funny we all are | How unique as well" - Sam Timmins, on the 2017 Quotes
Song: The System Only Dreams In Total Darkness - The National

Thursday, 4th - "A well designed fan is incredibly underrated." - Albert Hopkins
Song: Gabby - The Internet

Friday, 5th - "What's that Beatles one you used to like... 'Hard Long Day?'" - Ursula Khan
Song: Dear Prudence - The Beatles

Saturday, 6th - "When I was younger I used to dress up as a maid so I could clean my room better." - Elizabeth Allen
Song: A Wolf At The Door - Radiohead

Sunday, 7th - "Ginger Meggs' dad - the source of all wisdom and knowledge." - Pr John Kuhlmann
Song: Wish You Were Gone - Cosmo Pyke

Song Of The Week: A Wolf At The Door - Radiohead

Monday, 8th - "Every time I lift this up I feel like Mary Poppins on steroids." - Harry Allen, holding a patio umbrella
Song: The Reeling - Passion Pit

Tuesday, 9th - "Film buffs - can you really trust them? Like, ‘Have you really seen that movie?'" - Frank Atkinson
Song: Money Folder - Madvillain

Wednesday, 10th - "Mum, I've got very flexible toes." - Karlo Mee
Song: Ballad Of The Dying Man - Father John Misty

Thursday, 11th - "Damn perth?" / "Hands down the worst city in australia" - Minsu Kim and Albert Hopkins
Song: Buzzcut Season - Lorde

Friday, 12th - "How was FOMO?" / "Embarrassing - like, not embarrassing for me, embarrassing for Adelaide." - Hannah Hains and Isabella Campos
Song: Fidelity - Regina Spektor

Saturday, 13th - "I just want to move to Tapuki and work on the kiwi farm.” - Maddie Hains
Song: Smile - Lily Allen

Sunday, 14th - “Public pools are bad enough, put it indoor, that just raises the level of cringe.” - Mandy Mee
Song: Can’t Keep Checking My Phone

Song Of The Week: Fidelity - Regina Spektor

Monday, 15th - “I think gamers should be more oppressed.” - Albert Hopkins
Song: Countdown - King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard

Tuesday, 16th - “You know Seb Stodart? He got caught shoplifting while I was in the service station.” / “Shoplifting in the service station, what a sad life he must have.” - Florence Gillespie and Asha Armstrong-Zaid
Song: Cigarettes and Chocolate - Chet Faker

Wednesday, 17th - {“What’s worse: Legionnaires hat or Legionnaires’ disease?”} / “Hat.” - Mandy Mee
Song: Death Spiral - Dirty Projectors

Thursday, 18th - “If I played against Eugenie Bouchard I can tell you the score would be love all x” - Harry Allen
Song: Gun Has No Trigger - Dirty Projectors

Friday, 19th - “Is this that band you’re gay for: two weeks later?” - Shareef Meah, I was playing Cosmo Pyke at the time
Song: Radar Detector - Darwin Deez

Saturday, 20th - “If you’re gonna study, give it your all. Ps get degrees but they don’t get jobs.” - Silas Ellery
Song: Piazza, New York Catcher - Belle and Sebastian

Sunday, 21st - “I will follow any diet if you make it for me.” - Christine Maxwell
Song: Streets Of Your Town - The Go-Betweens

Song Of The Week: Gun Has No Trigger - Dirty Projectors

Monday, 22nd - “You were hardcore in primary school if you ate wasabi peas.” - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Where Is My Mind? - Pixies

Tuesday, 23rd - “I work a lot with disabled kids and Ringo looks like all of them combined.” - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Help! - The Beatles

Wednesday, 24th - “I’m just like Elvis.” - Man rapping on the tram
Song: M.A.A.d city - Kendrick Lamar

Thursday, 25th - “When I’m out with the boys it’s like we’re modelling for a uni brochure.” - Harry Allen
Song: New Slang - The Shins

Friday, 26th - “That’s why you can’t judge people that are overweight because you can’t judge a ship by its hull” - Ewen Maxwell, Garfield inspired wisdom
Song: NASA Is On Your Side - Everything Everything

Saturday, 27th - “If I had a pool I would get a snorkel and take naps.” - Sophie Towell
Song: Passiona - The Smith Street Band

Sunday, 28th - “Nothing says intimacy like a Stunner meal.” - Jackson Cooper
Song: Lemon - N.E.R.D

Song Of The Week: NASA Is On Your Side - Everything Everythjng

Monday, 29th - “why do i keep getting compared to lu willow | i was emo once” - Kyla Sipthorp
Song: Target’s Air Conditioner- Baterz

Tuesday, 30th - “Can’t stop saying IRN BRU” - Mandy Mee
Song: Friday I’m In Love - The Cure

Wednesday, 31st - “It’s nice to have friends like that which aren’t very smart or interesting.” - Albert Hopkins
Song: Special Affair - The Internet

February

Thursday, 1st - “I played this all the time when you were little - you would have learnt it by osmosis.” - Ewen Maxwell
Song: Close To Me - The Cure

Friday, 2nd - “If nobody loves you then I love you. I got your back tonight.” - Brandon Paak Anderson, to the people of Radelaide
Song: Heart Don’t Stand A Chance - Anderson .Paak

Saturday, 3rd - “Does that mean I’m going to be in the army for the next season of Rick and Morty?” - Cooper Fitzgerald
Song: Come Down - Anderson .Paak

Sunday, 4th - “All my money has gone to Über. I’m in über debt now.” - Hannah Hains
Song: Chamber Of Reflection - Mac Demarco

Song Of The Week: Special Affair - The Internet

Monday, 5th - “Grandpa can’t say Paramissim so he calls him Dr. Paramatta” - Ursula Khan
Song: Whiplash - Hank Levy

Tuesday, 6th - “applying to go on one of channel 9’s esteemed reality shows to find love” - Kyla Sipthorp
Song: Mirrors - Justin Timberlake

Wednesday, 7th - “I don’t even use Google Maps anymore, I just use soul searching. I’m not trying to find where I need to go, I’m trying to find where I need to be.” - Albert Hopkins
Song: Black Skinhead - Kanye West

Thursday, 8th - “Nangs are like fort nite, there’s no actual point. why can’t anyone stop?” - Callum Jesse
Song: Beginner’s Luck - King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard

Friday, 9th - “How long does it take to pick a pizza up?” / “About a second if you use the right grip.” - Albert Hopkins and Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Nobody Knows You When You’re Down And Out - Eric Clapton

Saturday, 10th - “I instantly feel creative when I listen to Björk.” - Daniel Mee
Song: Gosh - Jamie xx

Sunday, 11th - “Barry Cross said you shouldn’t go to other people’s funerals because they won’t go to yours.” - Pr John Kuhlmann
Song: After The Storm - Kali Uchis

Song Of The Week: Gosh - Jamie xx

Monday, 12th - “gotta have a muscian too though | im placing my bets on you for that one” - Medhir Kumawat
Song: I Know There’s Gonna Be (Good Times) - Jamie xx

Tuesday, 13th - “All these moments, lost to a bottle of and a beat. The only moments that make you feel alive are killing you inside and you let them. There's no escape, no haven - this is it and all it will ever be. Dry your eyes my dear and turn out that light.” - Dallas Rodgers, one tweet closer to insanity
Song: Good Song - Blur

Wednesday, 14th - “That’s a classic Urrbrae Year 8 quote right there: ‘Why don’t you just go around?’ ‘Because it’s fun to push!’” - Ayisha Pauli
Song: She’s Leaving Home - The Beatles

Thursday, 15th - “You don’t need money to be rich. You just need to know 2000 words of the English language.” - Dean Khan
Song: Wish You Were Gone - Cosmo Pyke

Friday, 16th - “I reckon my uni is classified as a pub for tax purposes.” - Albert Hopkins, student at Uni SA City West
Song: The End Times - Ball Park Music

Saturday, 17th - “Never feel awful, always feel happy.” - Dean Khan
Song: Wild - Beach House

Sunday, 18th - “I’m going to buy a new piano for this place.” - Solomon Young, highly unimpressed
Song: Her and Her Friend - TV Girl

Song Of The Week: The End Times - Ball Park Music

Monday, 19th - “You know what's insane? When Krakatoa erupted, it was heard around the world three times. {“Wow it echoed a lot then.”} You know what else is really loud? ASHA'S F****ING TYPING!” - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: Winter In Your Heart - Ultimate Painting

Tuesday, 20th - “Despite popular belief, Asha - not retarded.” - Indigo Peek-Burns
Song: The Suicide Song - Darwin Deez

Wednesday, 21st - “Have you told her you’re Albert’s sister? *headshake* Don’t. That’s why I gave you two different names. Because of Ms Wilks.” - Sunday Hopkins to Florence Gillespie
Song: White Ferrari - Frank Ocean

Thursday, 22nd - “Back in my day there was no ‘secondary gifts’, just unwrap!” - Daniel Mee on Pass The Parcel
Song: Nights - Frank Ocean

Friday, 23rd - “If you sold your hair you’d make a fortune. (How much?) $500,000.” - Carlisle Mee
Song: Czech One - King Krule

Saturday, 24th - “I’m too poor for Macca’s. / What are you, a uni student?
/ Almost. / Ah, you don’t know the meaning of broke.” - Hannah Hains and Jacob Perry
Song: Gap In The Clouds - Yellow Days

Sunday, 25th - “I think I dropped out of maths in Year 9, mentally.” - Hannah Hains
Song: Alphabet Aerobics - Blackalicious

Song Of The Week: Nights - Frank Ocean

Monday, 26th - “I want a festival where they just play feedback until my ears hurt, and I have to leave. That’s the festival I want.” - Asha Armstrong-Zaid
Song: Eight Days A Week - The Beatles

Tuesday, 27th - “Minsu why don't you show up on snap maps” / “Coz i turned it off | i was afraid lu willow will contact the chinese government to trace my location” - Albert Hopkins and Minsu Kim
Song: Motion Picture Soundtrack - Radiohead

Wednesday, 28th - “Jachin, you should just move to Sicily.” - Asha Armstrong-Zaid
Song: King Of Carrot Flowers Pt. One - Neutral Milk Hotel

March

Thursday, 1st - “That moment when you get Dorito dust on your jeans that you have to wear tomorrow.” - Oscar Petrusewicz
Song: Red Light Indicates Doors Are Secured - Arctic Monkeys

Friday, 2nd - “I wanna get changed and look aesthetic for Macca’s.” - Harry Allen
Song: Fred Astaire - San Cisco

Saturday, 3rd - “I wish I never did Ignite, it never got me anywhere.” - Tyla Zabrowarny
Song: The View From The Afternoon - Arctic Monkeys

Sunday, 4th - “There was a soccer player at my school, he was really good! And then he moved to ASMS... like what are you doing?” - Solomon Young
Song: Lullabye - Grizzly Bear

Song Of The Week: Red Light Indicates Doors Are Secured - Arctic Monkeys

Monday, 5th - “The seven secret herbs and spices, just keep them locked up, no one wants them.” - Albert Hopkins, at KFC
Song: Losing All Sense - Grizzly Bear

Tuesday, 6th - “We’re playing at 11:00 on a Wednesday because Ed Sheeran is playing next door, and we’re wondering if we can get Ed Sheeran can sing my part in that song, because I don’t like it that much and he’s a professional singer.” - Chris Taylor
Song: Two Weeks - Grizzly Bear

Wednesday, 7th - “My breathy hole is ok but my thinky hole is confused.” - Meshach Lindqvist
Song: Fine For Now - Grizzly Bear

Thursday, 8th - “‘Aw, you’re so sweet.’ - Chris Taylor / ‘Thanks for coming both nights man.” - Ed Droste / {‘I love the depth of your sound, and with Chris Bear on drums, I mean’} ‘Oh yeah, dude’s a monster.’ - Daniel Rossen / {‘How’d you learn drums, were you self taught?’} ‘Uhh, I studied.’ - Chris Bear” - Grizzly Bear’s 4 members create Quote of the Day’s 1st 4 way tie
Song: Sun In Your Eyes - Grizzly Bear

Friday, 9th - “I initially thought Sunday Hopkins would be Albert’s weekly newspaper.” - Asha Armstrong-Zaid
Song: Colorado - Grizzly Bear
